Cockroach Crawler gives agent workflows a bounded path to public
web evidence. It is not a browser free-for-all.
The hardened Node CLI validates every seed, DNS answer, redirect,
robots rule, and byte budget before network dispatch.
Source doctor reports what is actually available. Web and public
GitHub are ready. YouTube is partial. X and Reddit need
official credentials.
A separate serverless Worker accepts only allowlisted HTTPS origins, requires
a bearer secret, rate limits requests, and fails closed.
The complete local Node suite passes. A separate one hundred
twenty page fixture checks regressions. It is not an industry
or global benchmark.
Use stable zero point two today, or review the zero
point three alpha candidate in source. Understand the boundary before
you trust the output.